Update New-AdfsAccessControlPolicy.md (#2817)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2016-ps/adfs/New-AdfsAccessControlPolicy.md

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AdfsAccessControlPolicy** cmdlet creates an Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) access control policy from a policy metadata file.

> ## How to create a Federation metadata file?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to create a Federation metadata file
```

> **How to create a federation metadata file?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How to create a federation metadata file**
```

> The federation metadata document is a XML file that is available for [download](https://adfshelp.microsoft.com/MetadataExplorer/GetFederationMetadata).Enter in your federation service name and click the 'Get federation metadata' button to retrieve your document.

Reviewer: ****
```suggestion
The federation metadata document is an XML file that is available for [download](https://adfshelp.microsoft.com/MetadataExplorer/GetFederationMetadata). Enter your federation service name and select the **Get federation metadata** button to retrieve your document.
```

> The federation metadata document is an XML file that is available for [download](https://adfshelp.microsoft.com/MetadataExplorer/GetFederationMetadata). Enter your federation service name and select the **Get federation metadata** button to retrieve your document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The federation metadata document is an XML file that is available for [download](https://adfshelp.microsoft.com/MetadataExplorer/GetFederationMetadata). To retrieve your document, enter your federation service name, and then select the **Get federation metadata** button.
```
